IBX-3962: Introduced ModifyFieldDefinitionFieldsSubscriber (#1844)
ezsystems/developer-documentation: docs/content_management/content_model.md

![Diagram of content model](content_model_diagram.png)

!!! tip

>     You can disable editing specific Field details per Field Type by [listening to a subscriber](customize_field_type_metadata.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    You can disable editing specific Field details per Field Type by [adding custom service definition for `ModifyFieldDefinitionsCollectionTypeExtension`](customize_field_type_metadata.md).
```

>     You can disable editing specific Field details per Field Type by [adding custom service definition for `ModifyFieldDefinitionsCollectionTypeExtension`](customize_field_type_metadata.md).

Author: ```suggestion
    You can disable the possibility to edit specific Field details per Field Type by [adding custom service definition for `ModifyFieldDefinitionsCollectionTypeExtension`](customize_field_type_metadata.md).
```
I don't think we can do "edition" as "act of editing".
